Fc cee l ar documentation rebased (#416)
HEP-FCC/FCCSW: Detector/doc/LArEcalInclined.md

   - Details are described [here](../../Reconstruction/doc/RecCalorimeter.md).
 - Output: calorimeter clusters
 - Example script [Reconstruction/RecFCCeeCalorimeter/options/runFullCaloSystem_ReconstructionSW_noiseFromFile.py](../../Reconstruction/RecFCCeeCalorimeter/options/runFullCaloSystem_ReconstructionSW_noiseFromFile.py)

You can run the example script with the following command
~~~[.sh]
fccrun Reconstruction/RecFCCeeCalorimeter/options/runFullCaloSystem_ReconstructionSW_noiseFromFile.py  \
       --input fccee_idea_LAr_pgun.root  \
       --filename output_allCalo_reco_noise.root
~~~

> It takes the input file with calorimeter cells fccee_idea_LAr_pgun.root, add noise to cells and run the sliding window clustering algorithm. The output file output_allCalo_reco_noise.root contains the information about calorimeter cells and the reconstructed clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It takes the input file with calorimeter cells `fccee_idea_LAr_pgun.root`, adds noise to cells and runs the sliding window clustering algorithm. The output file `output_allCalo_reco_noise.root` contains the information about calorimeter cells and the reconstructed clusters.
```
